Q1. What is NoSQL data base? 
Ana: NoSQL (originally referring to "non SQL", "non relational" or "not only SQL") database provides a mechanism for storage 
     and retrieval of data which is modeled in means other than the tabular relations used in relational databases.

Q2. How does data get stored in NoSQl database? 
Ans: The main idea is that you have a snapshot file and a write ahead log (WAL) file. Snapshot contains already prepared data in a form of B-Tree with upper 
     levels of that tree being permanently in RAM, that can be accesses for reading by doing only one disk seek. A WAL contains all the new changes on top of 
     a current snapshot. A snapshot file is being totally rebuilt on a regular basis using current snapshot and a WAL. All the writes are done nearly as fast 
     as with in-memory databases. 

Q3. What is a column family in HBase? 
Ans: A column family is a NoSQL object that contains columns of related data. It is a tuple (pair) that consists of a key-value pair, where the key is mapped to 
     a value that is a set of columns. In analogy with relational databases, a column family is as a "table", each key-value pair being a "row". Each column is 
     a tuple (triplet) consisting of a column name, a value, and a timestamp.

Q4. How many maximum number of columns can be added to HBase table? 
Ans: There is no hard limit to number of columns in HBase , we can have more than 1 million columns but usually three column families are recommended 
     ( not more than three).

Q5. Why columns are not defined at the time of table creation in HBase? 
Ans: Because column families are stored in separate HFiles, keep the number of column families as small as possible. You also want to reduce the number of column 
     families to reduce the frequency of MemStore flushes, and the frequency of compactions. And, by using the smallest number of column families possible, you can 
     improve the LOAD time and reduce disk consumption.

Q6. How does data get managed in HBase? 
Ans: Data in Hbase is organized into tables.Tables are further organized into rows that store data.Each row is identified by a unique row key which does not 
     belong to any data type but is stored as a bytearray. Column families are further used to group data in rows. Column families define the physical structure of 
     data so they are defined upfront and their modification is difficult.A unique combination of row key, column family and column qualifier forms a cell. Data 
     contained in a cell is referred to as cell value. Versioning happens to cell values using a timestamp of when the cell was written.

Q7. What happens internally when new data gets inserted into HBase table? 
Ans: When you insert data into HBase, a timestamp is required. The timestamp can be generated automatically by the RegionServer or can be supplied by you. The timestamp 
     must be unique per version of a given cell, because the timestamp identifies the version. To modify a previous version of a cell, for instance, you would issue 
     a Put with a different value for the data itself, but the same timestamp.